Do you think that it is over, solezy?
You know that it isn't, Daniel!
This time, I decided to un-gamble the words. This one, right here... is the finality.
You may ask... where is the `unused1.txt` file?
It is hidden. Somewhere, where it should belong.

While I may do have some dark things in the past,
your case is way worse.

You may think that you are better than me, but you know very well on what you have done.
Hell, you don't even want to look back into the past because you want to escape it.
Matter of fact, you deserve it.
There won't be an escape for you. The past mistakes that you have done, they will reflect upon your present time.
Hell, even the future might affect you for what you have done.
In case that I do get your proper address, I may want to get the police upon your ass.
Because, just maybe, you might also deserve jail time. In case that the scams that you potentially did, it may also reflect on you.
In a matter of fact, maybe you just do deserve it, stunner.

You tried to flee from your past mistakes by using me into dangerous acts.
Even if I mentioned that I did not want to participate in phishing, you tried to use me.
Also, another fact. I am aware that it has become a setup.
That response that you gave away in that E-Mail gave it away.
The style on how the end-person wrote. It sounds similar to yours.

You know very well that I cannot talk about it in clear-text here.
But where I can talk in clear-text is a specific website.
You think that I didn't block you yet? Hell, I decided to start exposing you.
Now I know why the others have failed to expose you. You truly are the mastermind of the issues.
Clearly, it was you all along. I have been blinded by you.
This time, there is no going back. I am not some loser, or a puppet that you can use me all the time.
No. This time, this is my time to shine, and for you to go down. Once, and for all.

It already started off with exposing you to your so-called "friends".
You tried setting them up by giving their credentials to you. Well, guess what.
You did the same thing to my Instagram account, along with other platforms. Why shouldn't I be the one to attack you?
Matter of fact, you really do deserve it. The fact that you were the one behind all the masterplans just shows, how fucked up you truly are.
Now, I will make sure that you don't pull William Afton's move. You know, the statement on where he says "I always come back".
I'll make sure that you won't be able to pull off that. Matter of fact, you should stay off of the internet for good.

Once everything calms down, then maybe I could consider putting the topics that you made, to rest.
After that, I would see, what I will do to you.
And once it comes to rest...

WU9VIFdJTEwgTk8gTE9OR0VSIEJFIEFCTEUgVE8gQ09NRSBCQUNLIEVWRVIgQUdBSU4K


Just as the last part.

Check this website: https://thestunnere60files.web.app